I like glitter and sparkly dresses but
I'm not going to talk about that in my
monologue I like baking and things that
smell like winter but I'm not gonna talk
about that in my monologue lalala I like
writing songs about douchebags who cheat
on me my monologue I like writing their
names into songs so they're ashamed to
go in public but I'm not going to say
that in my my log
this is my musical monologue you might
think I'd bring up Joe the guy who broke
up with me on the phone but I'm not
gonna mention him in my monologue hey
Joe I'm doing well lalala ha ha ha ha ha
ha lalala and if you're wondering if I
might be dating the werewolf from
twilight comment on that in my MA
this is my musical mile off
you might be expecting me to say
something bad about Kanye and how we ran
up on the stage and ruined my VMA mala
but there's nothing more to say cuz
everything's okay I've got security
lining the stage
this is my xml my la la la
la
that was my epson elma log
nobody knows who I really am I never
felt this empty before and if I ever
need some wanna come
wrong who's gonna comfort me and gave me
strong